c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests.dll
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests.pdb
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Repository_Pattern_UI.dll
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Repository_Pattern_UI.pdb
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\obj\Debug\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\obj\Debug\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests.dll
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\obj\Debug\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests.pdb
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Repository_pattern_Repository.dll
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Repository_pattern_Models.dll
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Repository_Pattern_DataLayer.dll
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Repository_pattern_Repository.pdb
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Repository_pattern_Models.pdb
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Repository_Pattern_DataLayer.pdb
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\saika\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Repository_Pattern\Repository_Pattern_UI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
